Mom save
My lord, I think I hear someone calling for help
What happened to Jiangcheng?
You go and tell Jiangcheng Guardian Mansion
If someone still burns Mount Luyue in broad daylight
I'll send the whole family in charge to the front line to fight
It's an adult, I'll take a look
Candy you can't run away
Hey
Don't run away
You can't escape
A little girl
You want to run faster than us?
It's your sister
It's you thank you
Are you all right?
You have too many injuries.
You have to come to the hospital with me
No no sister
I have very important things to do
You let me go
Oh, thank you kindly.
For your baby
It's so pretty.
Do you like it mom thank you
In-laws!
You are too powerful
It's a limited edition.
You are so kind to Xiaowu
This mother is different
How do you look like me?
I want to buy it for my two children.
But I have no money either.
In-law, if you like it, I will also give you one.
Just take it as a thank you for taking care of Xiao Wu for so many years of hard work
Oh, how embarrassing is that?
Thank you mom thank you mom
Mom, aren't I cooperating with Wang Yun now?
We need to expand the company
But I have this
OK, I'll give you some money later.
Yo thanks mom
Thanks, Mom.
progress progress